The next thing we wanted to do was
declare a function called isCorrect,
which more generally is gonna
take in a guess string and
then it's going to compare that to the
answer that you had in your fact object.
So let us take a look at that one.
OJ, do you wanna walk me through
what you did for this one?
>> Sure, I have const isCorrect = A.
>> Equals, sorry.
>> I just have an answer,
I just have a value.
>> Okay so isCorrect and
then maybe like the correct answer,
like maybe-
>> It probably it should be something
you're feeding in from the-
>> Yeah, so what we wanna be able to do is
use this function to pass in a guess that
somebody made, which we'll get later.
But what I wanna be able to do is call,
like this,
I wanna be able to call
the function on a guess, let's say,
so you had a fact where
the answer is true.
I want it so
that if I say isCorrect(false),
then this whole thing should return false,
because your answer in your fact was true.
So this is basically like we're comparing
a given guess to the correct answer.
So let's work it out together.
So let's make this instead of a literal
value, let's make it a function.
And maybe just for sake of variety,
let's use the function keyword
instead of our arrows.
So let's walk through
how we would do that.
We could start with the function keyword,
then I wanna name the function isCorrect.
So I'm gonna type isCorrect.
Now I want the parameters to be defined.
How do I define what the parameters
of this function are gonna be?
I see hands going like this.
Params and we can give our guests a name.
I might call it guess,
you could call it guessString.
You could call it guessValue.
You could call it maybeWrongThing,
whatever you want.
[LAUGH] Why don't we call it
just guess for shortness.
And then how do I do
the body of the function?
>> Curly braces.
>> Curly braces, beautiful.
And in this function,
I do wanna return a value.
So, I want to return
the truth value of whether or
not the guess matches
the answer in my fact.
>> So it's a guess,
=== fact.answer.TextContent.
>> Fact, so what is fact.answer here?
>> That's the answer to
the question that I created above.
>> So fact up here is this object, and
so fact.answer is what kind of thing?
>> A boolean.
>> Right, so text content is a property
that exists on elements in our DOM tree,
booleans themselves,
that is the whole value.
So it's not gonna have text content.
So we want to just actually compare
it to the answer, the fact.answer.
So we're actually almost done.
There's one thing missing.
>> Return.
Okay, so
now we're gonna take in the guess, and
it's going to compare it to fact.answer.
We can test this out.
Let's go back, reload our page
to get our updated code, and
I should now have an isCorrect function.
Great, I have a function called that and
it takes in a guess parameter.
And now if I say isCorrect, and
my guess is true, then that's right
cuz the answer to this question,
Arrays are like objects, is true.
Yeah, but if I were to call it on false,
that's wrong.
Okay, so we're gonna use this to
judge the person's answer later once
we figure out how to capture their
answer once they click on a button.
We're gonna use our isCorrect function to
decide whether they were correct or not.
And then we're gonna do what we
did in our earlier pop quiz,
we're gonna color the button based
on whether they were correct or not.
So if I were to say true to this,
that comes out with
the red color to show that it's incorrect,
cool?
So later we're gonna use this
function in our project.
All right, any questions at
this point about functions?
We've done a lot.
We've covered a lot of ground.
We've talked about functions.
We've talked about how they have
parameters, they have arguments,
they have return values.
We've talked about how to declare
them with the function keyword.
We've talked about how to
declare them with fat arrows.